tikv: recorrect the descriptions on the feature `region-split-size` part. (#15611)
pingcap/docs: tune-region-performance.md

TiKV automatically [shards bottom-layered data](/best-practices/tidb-best-practices.md#data-sharding). Data is split into multiple Regions based on the key ranges. When the size of a Region exceeds a threshold, TiKV splits it into two or more Regions.

> In scenarios involving large datasets, if the Region size is relatively small, TiKV might have numerous Regions, which causes more resource consumption and [performance regression](/best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md#performance-problem). Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports customizing Region size. The default size of a Region is 96 MiB. To reduce the number of Regions, you can adjust Regions to a larger size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In scenarios involving large datasets, if the Region size is relatively small, TiKV might have too many Regions, which causes more resource consumption and [performance regression](/best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md#performance-problem). Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports customizing Region size. The default size of a Region is 96 MiB. To reduce the number of Regions, you can adjust Regions to a larger size.
```

> In scenarios with a large volume of data, if the Region size is relatively small, the data might occupy an excessive number of Regions, which causes more resource consumption and [performance regression](/best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md#performance-problem). Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports customizing Region size. The default size of a Region is 96 MiB. To reduce the number of Regions, you can adjust Regions to a larger size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In scenarios involving large datasets, if the Region size is relatively small, TiKV might have numerous Regions, which causes more resource consumption and [performance regression](/best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md#performance-problem). Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports customizing Region size. The default size of a Region is 96 MiB. To reduce the number of Regions, you can adjust Regions to a larger size.
```

To reduce the performance overhead of many Regions, you can also enable [Hibernate Region](/best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md#method-4-increase-the-number-of-tikv-instances) or [`Region Merge`](/best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md#method-5-adjust-raft-base-tick-interval).

## Use `region-split-size` to adjust Region size

> **Note:**
>

> > The recommended range for the Region size is [48MiB, 258MiB]. Commonly used sizes include 96 MiB, 128 MiB, and 256 MiB. It is NOT recommended to set the Region size beyond 1 GiB. Avoid setting the size to more than 10 GiB. An excessively large Region size might result in the following side impacts:

Author: ```suggestion
> The recommended range for the Region size is [48MiB, 258MiB]. Commonly used sizes include 96 MiB, 128 MiB, and 256 MiB. It is NOT recommended to set the Region size beyond 1 GiB. Avoid setting the size to more than 10 GiB. An excessively large Region size might result in the following side effects:
```

> > The recommended range for the Region size is [48MiB, 258MiB]. Commonly used sizes include 96 MiB, 128 MiB, and 256 MiB. It is NOT recommended to set the Region size beyond 1 GiB. Avoid setting the size to more than 10 GiB. An excessively large Region size might lead to the following impacts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The recommended range for the Region size is [48MiB, 258MiB]. Commonly used sizes include 96 MiB, 128 MiB, and 256 MiB. It is NOT recommended to set the Region size beyond 1 GiB. Avoid setting the size to more than 10 GiB. An excessively large Region size might result in the following side impacts:
```

> > The recommended range for the Region size is [48MiB, 258MiB]. Commonly used sizes include 96 MiB, 128 MiB, and 256 MiB. It is NOT recommended to set the Region size beyond 1 GiB. Avoid setting the size to more than 10 GiB. Setting to an excessively large Region size might lead to the following impacts:

Author: ```suggestion
> The recommended range for the Region size is [48MiB, 258MiB]. Commonly used sizes include 96 MiB, 128 MiB, and 256 MiB. It is NOT recommended to set the Region size beyond 1 GiB. Avoid setting the size to more than 10 GiB. An excessively large Region size might lead to the following impacts:
```

>

> > + Performance jitter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> + Performance jitters
```
